[guard] Back up. Keep going.
Who is it that you sensed
nearby, Weather?
Are you saying that
Jolyne's the one
that's near the hospital?
Or do you mean the priest is
the person that's already here?
Actually, I can sense
three people, Anastasia.
Jolyne is one of them,
the priest is here too.
But there is somebody else.
[Anastasia] We gotta find them,
but where are they?
Could they be inside
one of these buildings?
Excuse me, ladies.
Welcome aboard.
Unfortunately, this plane
is expected to lose control
and crash into the ground
at approximately 21:33
on July 21st, 2005.
-[tense music]
-[both gasp]
-[Jolyne grunts]
-Hey, hold on!
What do you think
you're doing, Jolyne?
You're not planning
on opening that door, are you?
I wasn't able to find
the exit on the ceiling,
so the fastest way to end this
is to find the Stand User
-and attack him directly.
-[gulps]
[Jolyne] Ermes, hold on tight
to my rope again.
And strap yourself in
somewhere.
And you, flight attendant lady,
switch the settings
on this door
so that I can open it manually.
Huh? Yo, hang on.
It ain't exactly a good idea
to open the door
when the plane's still moving,
you know.
-The air pressure would...
-[door clicking]
[Ermes] Nah, never mind.
Go for it!
Use the air pressure to slam
into those motherfuckers!
[Stone Ocean] Oraa!
[gasps]
[pilot] Mayday. Mayday.
It looks like we just got hit
by a damn MiG.
I've lost all control.
I guess finishing them
will be easier than I thought.
[pilot] Hm? Hey, who are you?
Anyway, I think the back of
the plane took a serious hit.
Can you go check out
how bad the damage is?
What the hell?
[groans]
[strained groan]
Oh, shit!
Jolyne!
Stone Ocean!
[Versus] Hm.
This is officer McCoy here.
We just arrived at the scene.
Not sure what happened.
I can't tell how deep it is
from the surface, but...
there's a large hole.
[yelps]
As I told you,
Jolyne Cujoh's skills
were sharpened in prison.
She already anticipated
what would happen
in the event that her initial
attack was a failure.
Clearly, this is why
she got out of the airplane.
She was waiting
for the police to arrive
so that they would
use their radio,
giving her a chance to grab it.
Now she can contact her allies.
Depending on frequency range,
that radio can be used
to call cell phones as well.
Shut the fuck up already.
Enough.
Does it look
like I'm losing here? Huh?
Answer me, Father Pucchi.
I'm still winning
this damn battle, aren't I?
[theme music]
[Versus] Growing up,
I never knew
who my real father was
or what he did.
But I got so sick
of my mom and stepdad,
who blatantly favored
my half sisters,
then I ran away.
I was 13.
I didn't have any cash,
so it was only gonna be
for a few days,
but as I was looking for
a place to spend the night,
a pair of spiked shoes
came falling from the sky.
They were baseball spikes.
And they had a real nice smell.
I looked up to see
if someone threw them
from the building above.
But they looked so new.
The shoe size
was 28.5 centimeters.
Though they were
way too big for me,
I liked the clacking sound
the spikes made
when I walked down the street.
So I decided to keep them on
for a while.
It wasn't long until some cops
came and arrested me.
[gavel clanging]
This hearing today
is not a formal trial.
We just want to ask
some questions.
Understood?
Did you steal those shoes
you were wearing?
[Versus] Turns out,
those spikes were signed
by the famous
baseball player, Ichiro,
and donated to a facility
for children with disabilities.
If you sold them
to a collector,
they would have gone
as high as ten grand.
So everybody wanted
to get their hands on them.
Like a dumb kid,
I told the truth.
They came falling
out of the sky.
You should be ashamed
of yourself!
How dare you steal
from children less fortunate!
You need to be
straightened out.
Go spend some time
in juvenile detention facility!
[Versus]
The judge found me guilty
on circumstantial evidence
and sentenced me
to six months in juvy.
And even my parents
agreed to it.
Four months later,
the actual culprit confessed.
Since Ichiro's spikes
were so famous,
the thief knew they'd be found
and threw them in an air vent
to be rid of them.
And somehow, they ended up
outside of the building.
By the time it was discovered
that I was wrongly condemned,
I was already crippled
in mind and body.
To the point where I was
too weak to even walk straight.
One day, I fell into
a random hole in the fields.
In the moment,
all I could think about
was breaking my fall
by extending my hand out.
And that's when I saw
a knife in a plastic bag
that had been buried there.
It went right through my hand.
[inmate]
What do you think you're doing
causing me trouble, kid?
I was hiding that knife there
for a reason, you know.
[Versus] The next day,
a guy three years older than me
kicked my ass. He was
a gangster's little
bitch that did his dirty work.
Even though my hand
was treated by a doctor,
two weeks later, my wound
was still expelling pus
and worms even started
crawling out of it.
After that, I nearly died
from a high fever.
Since then, I've tried to live
a bitter life of solitude.
Keeping away from the public
eye as much as possible.
[urine pattering]Then
one day, when I was takin
g
a piss by some garbage cans,
the wall started to crumble
and revealed
the skeletal remains
of a woman
who died years ago.
And now, after all this time,
the reason why my life has been
so utterly fucked up
is finally crystal clear to me.
It's my ability, Netherworld!
But still, just because
I can control my power now,
am I really supposed to
be grateful to Father Pucchi
for helping me realize
my full potential?
Hell no.
The blood that's been
running through my veins
all along is Dio's,
my father.
So, priest,
do you honestly believe you're
that important to all of this?
Do you not think that I would
throw your ass
onto that plane as well?
I haven't even failed yet.
I haven't done anything wrong!
He's just like that old bitch
of a judge
who only values
her own opinion.
I'm really starting to
lose my patience
with this so-called holy man.
I am the one
who is invincible here.
Anything is possible
if I use Netherworld!
-[clunking]
-Huh.
[suspenseful music]
Why is he the only one?
On the new moon,
maybe it should be me
who comes out on top.
What if I'm the one who
acquires Dio's power instead,
and not that damn priest?
I have every right to it.
After all, I am Dio's son!
[gasps softly]
It's Weather Forecast's
memory disc.
Well, maybe this can be used
to put things in my favor.
The only one who gets
to attain heaven should be me.
Jolyne!
[wind whooshing]
[breathes heavily] Come on,
Emporio, pick up the phone!
Now, Emporio!
Hey Mr. pilot, what kind
of jet fighter is this?
And how the hell
do I get outta here?
There's gotta be some way
to break loose,
even if I'm still sitting down.
I've seen it in lots of movies.
Hurry the fuck up
and tell me how!
The seat has a lever
you can pull to eject yourself.
But in my case, I never got
the chance to escape.
My jet hit the ground
before I was able to pull it.
That is the truth.
That's why nobody is gonna
be getting off this aircraft.
It's already too late to pull
the ejection lever in time.
[groans]
[Emporio] Jolyne,
is something wrong?
What are you doing
calling so soon?
Listen, Emporio!
[Jolyne] Right now, we're in a
big hole in the hospital floor
and Ermes is riding on a plane
that's gonna crash!
I'm in a fighter jet
that's also about to crash!
Find a way for us
to get outta here!
Huh?
[Versus] Father Pucchi,
do we need Jolyne's body
intact after this?
They weren't able to retrieve
all of the jet fighter pilot's
remains
after the jet crashed.
You see, he was blown to bits.
Hold on.
Just calm down, Jolyne.
I don't understand
what you're saying at all.
I'll head back to the hospital
right away.
No, don't come here, Emporio.
We're trapped
in an incident from the past!
This crash
is already predetermined.
[Jolyne]
The only way to survive it
is to escape from the cockpit,
but I have no idea how.
[Ermes]
It's no use.
We ain't gonna make it.
We're out of time.
There's less than
a minute remaining
and the fighter jet Jolyne's on
is gonna crash even sooner.
-[crashing]
-[Ermes gasps]
-[shocked exhale]
-Huh?
[gasps]
Wait, the jet fighter didn't...
You're absolutely right.
It...
it didn't blow up, Emporio.
Even though I crashed the jet
into the plane,
it didn't explode!
[Emporio]
There's no way it would.
If it crashes into the ground
in the past,
then it won't blow up
until that happens.
Until then,
no matter what you do,
neither of the planes
will explode.
-Yo, Jolyne!
-[Jolyne] I'm back!
[Jolyne] Emporio, help me
figure out what to do next?
Let's see.
In a miraculous turn of events,
six years ago
on Flight 2882 to Dallas,
two of the passengers
survived somehow.
I'm looking the story up
right now on my ghost computer.
You need to get to their seats!
Escaping from that airplane
is impossible,
but if this is really an event
that occurred in the past,
you should be able to survive
if you sit in those seats.
[Jolyne] Hurry Emporio!
Find out which seats they are!
Well, that's Jolyne Cujoh
for you.
She always figures out a way
to create her own path.
Now then,
do you think you're capable of
getting the job done?
Huh, Versus?
[Versus] Shut your mouth!
Who the fuck
do you think you are?
[Emporio] Found it, Jolyne!
An old newspaper
recorded the seats
the survivors were sitting in
at the time of the crash.
It looks like
they're in Economy class,
seats 51D and 51F.
From all the way in the back.
And you should know
they weren't lying
about the time of the crash
being 21:33.
It's the truth!
Run, Jolyne, run!
The enemy's inside
the plane with us!
He's trying to get to
those seats before we do.
He wants to destroy them
so we can't sit.
[Netherworld] Thirty-two
seconds until impact.
It's not that big of a deal.
[Jolyne panting]
[Netherworld]
Just prevent them from sitting.
Doing so
will bring about their end.
-[Stone Ocean] Oraa!
-[crashing]
[J
olyne] Ermes!
We need to protect the seats!
If we can save those seats
and make it out of
the plane crash in one piece,
we should be able
to confront the Stand User!
We've gotta survive
so we can beat the living shit
out of the User himself!
[Netherworld scoffs]
I couldn't destroy the seats,
but you'll never sit there.
You have just 21 more seconds.
[Emporio] Jolyne, I repeat.
You can sit in seats 51D
and 51F, but only those two.
Do not try to sit
in any other seat.
According to the records,
all of the other seats
were blown away
when the plane crashed
and exploded.
Luckily,
those two seats endured
because the impact created
a quantum vacuum around them,
so they're safe.
Once you can sit down, make
sure you fasten your seatbelts
and protect yourselves
with your Stands,
otherwise you won't make it!
[Jolyne and Emporio grunt]
-Huh?
-Move it!
I'm gonna take this seat
rom you!
[passenger] Hey!
What are you doing to me?
Oh, shut up! Get out of my way!
You guys aren't even
actually real.
You're just records
of who survived.
You aren't humans
or some kind of lost souls.
The actual survivors are out
living their life right now.
So stay put. Jolyne, it's time.
Fasten your seatbe... Huh?
[gasping]
[little girl breathing shakily]
Wow, hey kid, move it.
Why the hell
are you sitting in those seats?
Wait a sec, Ermes.
-[thudding]
-[both gasp]
[both breathing shakily]
Wait, what's going on here?
Who... who are you two?
Um, I don't think
I'm in my room anymore.
Oh, where am I?
It's time to change my bandages
and I have to take medicine
after my nap.
D-Did you two brats
fall from the ceiling?
Nah, that can't be.
[Jolyne] This isn't good.
They're not memories
of passengers.
And we're definitely
not hallucinating.
Hey, uh, when is the nurse
gonna be here?
[both breathing shakily]
[Jolyne]
They're actually real kids!
That son of a bitch Versus
must have grabbed these kids
from the hospital
and pushed them
down into the hole above us.
-Oh.
-Oh, shit!
[Versus] There's no longer
a need to destroy those seats.
Jolyne Cujoh.
Don't forget to fasten
your seatbelt.
Now go ahead
and toss those brats aside
and take your seats.
In that way, the two of you
will survive the crash.
And your sorry lives
will be spared.
But by the time you
climb out of
the wreckage of
the crashed plane,
you'll be left with
the crushing weight
of guilt on your conscience.
The guilt of sacrificing
innocent children
so you can live another day.
Then you would have to
come face me head-on,
carrying that guilt
as a constant reminder
of your choice.
Would anyone
in a position like that
have the fight left in them
to keep going?
My Stand Netherworld
isn't the strongest
when it comes to
fighting abilities,
but with your guilty conscience
and broken spirit
it's more than powerful enough
to snuff out your life.
Hey! You there, Jolyne?
What are you guys
doing over there?
Tell me what's happening.
Who is that person
you're talking to?
Dammit! Yo, the plane's
rocking back and forth!
Jolyne, we have to grab
the kids and sit two to a seat.
We can't!
We'll all die that way!
There's only space
for one person!
Besides, we've got three kids
to think about!
Excuse me, ma'am,
are these your seats?
Well, um, I'm not exactly very
good at standing up by myself,
but I'm sorry,
we'll move out of your way.
So please sit down.
[grunting]
The time's come.
Two seconds till impact,
one second, and now.
Jolyne!
[explosion]
[gasping]
It appears that you've defeated
them. Good work, Versus.
But you sent
three children onto that plane.
That was one extra kid.
Do you not feel
even a little guilty?
For what? It wasn't
my fault that happened.
It was all because
Jolyne made contact
with her friend over the radio.
It was them who found
the survivors' seat numbers.
And also, remember who it is
I did all of this for.
You, Father Pucchi.
Hey, Versus, look there.
[old man coughs]
[coughs]
[Father Pucchi] That sticker,
it belongs to Ermes.
[Versus gasps]
It's on the old man
who survived.
The fact that
he is still with us
means that no matter
what happens,
the survivors won't die.
And seeing how
that's Ermes's sticker.
Using its special ability,
she duplicated the survivors
and hid the child inside.
What? Where'd Ermes go? And...
[Versus] Jolyne's gone too.
Where are they?
[suspenseful music]
Where is Ermes?
Ermes!
She hid herself in the body
of the female survivor.
Shit, E-Ermes!
But that means
Jolyne is dead for sure.
There's no way Jolyne
could have found a way
to escape that explosion!
If I were in your position,
I wouldn't allow
such simpleminded thoughts
to cloud my judgment.
Asshole,
exactly whose side are you on?
[intense action music]
[gasps]
[groans, screams]
[intense action music]
[Ermes] Jolyne unraveled
as much of her body
as she could into threads.
Then she hid inside of my body,
so she could protect herself
against the collision.
-Good freaking grief.
-[gasps]
Jolyne Cujoh wasn't
consumed by guilt
like you were expecting.
Instead she's coming at you
angrier than ever,
with a righteous
sense of justice.
What will you do now, Versus?
Netherworld!
-[thudding]
-[screams]
[Stone Ocean] Oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa...
[Versus grunts]
[groaning]
You're done excavating
incidents from the past.
I won't let you dig up
the ground's memories anymore.
And now, we finally got you
backed into a corner!
You lose, Pucchi!
Do you want me to take care
of this holy bastard?
Or are we going to finish
his worthless ass off
together?!
-[groans]
-How unfortunate, Versus,
it seems as though
you have lost this battle.
By successfully bringing
herself closer to me,
Jolyne proved her destiny
is stronger than yours.
[panting]
Go get him, Jolyne!
Time to finish that
fucking asshole off already!
Weather Forecast!
[all gasping]
[Father Pucchi] Oh.
What the hell was that?
What's going on here?
Come on, Jolyne, kill his ass
before he gets away.
When did you steal it?
Was it just now when you got
blown away by Jolyne's punch?
You must return it.
Hand it to me quickly.
You cannot comprehend
the forces
with which you're meddling in.
Don't know about you,
but I'm not dying here.
Sorry, Father Pucchi.
Huh? [Versu
s] Definitely not wh
en
I've just gained control
over my very own abilities.
Until now,
I've spent my life in shame
and unable to
stand up straight.
There's no way I'm gonna die
when I finally understand
why I was born into this world.
You don't understand
a single solitary thing.
It is imperative that that man
does not retrieve his memory.
At least
not for another three days.
I don't care.
I'm not dying like this.
I still have a right to live
a happy life too, don't I?
What's that supposed to mean?
What the hell
are you guys talking about?
Jolyne, forget about
all that crazy
shit and just kill the fucker!
[Versus]
It's pointless to even try.
You two won't be able
to kill me anymore.
He's going to get
his memory back.
I know this because I just read
the contents of his disc.
And when he does regain
his memories,
your so-called friend
will not be your ally.
Me
mory?
Do you mean Weather Forecast?
Was it his disc
that you just threw?
[Versus]
Getting his memory stolen
and being thrown in prison
aren't the only misfortunes
that poor Weather Forecast
has had to deal with.
He doesn't even remember
how to use his Stand
to its fullest potential.
Unable to access
the forbidden power,
which his brother Pucchi
thought he had
sealed away forever.
[both gasping]
Because Weather happens to be
the priest's
biological brother.
Could it be that Rikiel
was actually telling us
the truth before?
Weather Forecast
and the priest.
I see, so you had already used
your Netherworld
to read the secrets
held in his memory disc.
Versus! You insignificant piece
of refuse and scum!
Don't think that you can
invade upon the fortress
that Lord Dio and I
have carefully cultivated!
Do you finally remember
everything now, Pucchi?
-Look up there. It's coming.
-[gasping]
Those rainbows, look at
them all. It's Heavy Forecast!
The Devil's Rainbow!
Weather, what's wrong?
Which way is Jolyne?
And why are you keeled over?
[groans softly]
[gasps]
Weather, what's your deal?
What are you doing?
[Weather groaning,
breathing heavily]
[groans]
What was that for?
Yo! Answer me.
I was sitting in that seat,
you know.
Get your disgusting hands off
me, you asshole. I'll kill you!
[man breathing shakily]
[zapping]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]